Previously on Revolution...
- You are the nano?
- Do what we say, Priscilla will be back.
In the meantime, you will be our
guide, and you won't tell anyone.
- How did you find me?
- You remember Priscilla?
She tracked you.
You're not Monroe!
You said that you weren't Monroe.
Don't be him. Don't we have
enough blood on our hands?
You want to win this thing or not?
You don't care about saving the town.
At least I know
what I'm fighting for.
I'm asking for your help.
Hold it together
for a little while longer.
Don't you walk away from me.
-Intel from Truman's office.
- Why are you telling us this?
I want to help you stop him.
The next target's General Carver.
They're going to hit him at the
Capitol building, one o'clock today.
Where you going, Jason?
Four-two-fiour-seven-fiour.
This is Commanding Officer
Shirlee Jenkins. You're our backup.
Jason? What's this?
Please. This isn't you.
Jason, I'm begging you! Please!
(HORSE WHINNIES)
(ECHOING) Charlie!
- You know you had no choice.
- I don't need a pep talk, Miles.
You're not getting one.
Bad things happen, that's life.
You got to do whatever
it takes to win, right?
Austin was a win.
Quit wringing your hands about it.
Finally. Now your head's in the game.
Now all we got to do is
figure out our next move.
We got to shoot Tom Neville.
You're reading my mail.
He's going to kill you, Charlie,
when he finds out what happened.
Heads up. We got company.
Looks like seven of them.
Miles: Got to be Rangers.
Must've picked up our trail
outside Austin.
So what's our move?
We shoot them all down.
Last I checked,
we still wanted Texas on our side.
So if we could stop killing them,
that'd be great.
Pull the wagon over.
- Miles: Everybody off.
- What? Why?
I'm going to lead them
on a goose chase.
Get them so turned around
they can't find us.
- I'll ride shotgun.
- No. Just get back to your mom.
-(HORSE WHINNIES)
- Yah!
Yah!
(HORSE WHINNIES)
I'm not going to miss next time.
- I just want to talk.
- Come on out. We can talk all night.
Miles: I know you got no
reason to listen.
But I don't want to kill you.
We're on the same side.
I don't know.
President's kind of irritated with you
on account of you're
trying to shoot him and all.
I didn't try to kill Carver!
I tried to save him.
Man: Okay.
I want to hear your side.
Come on out.
You think I'm playing a game?
Tell your men to stand down
or they will die.
Man: Nobody's going to get hurt here.
We're just talking, like you said.
(GUNFIRE)
(RUSTLING)
You don't know when to quit, do you?
(GRUNTING)
Ah!
(GROANS)
I'm having a bad day.
I looked everywhere
I could think to look.
And...
And this is the best I could do.
You want to hear music,
this is music.
Sort of.
If you could get the juice going.
♪ (WE BUILT THIS CITY BY STARSHIP
PLAYS OVER WALKMAN) ♪
And it is, for the record,
the worst song ever written.
The individual harmonics are elegant.
If you say so.
- Okay, okay. Look.
-(MUSIC STOPS)
You've had food and music
and the whole...
being human tour.
I've done everything
that you asked me to do.
So now, please...
Get out of Priscilla's head,
just let her go.
Next I think I'd like to know
what pizza tastes like.
Hey. Stay Puft.
- Aaron?
- Hey, Charlie. Surprise.
I thought you were dead.
You son of a bitch!
- Don't you ever do that to me again.
- Easy. Okay.
- I know, I'm sorry.
- Charlie.
_Hey'
"Hi!
- I'm fine.
- Where's Miles?
- He's not back?
- Rachel: No.
- He should be here by now.
- What happened?
I don't know.
Let's find out. Get your stuff.
They're freaking out over nothing.
Miles can take care of himself.
Damn it!
All right, you wait here.
I'm going to go with them.
I got it.
Go find your boyfriend.
(CREAKING)
(CRASHING)
(GRUNTS)
Seriously?
(CREAKING)
(CRASHING)
Yeah, very bad day.
I'm just so sorry. I know how much
you cared about Jason.
All I'm saying is when
you're ready to talk about it,
I'm ready to listen.
So which way did they go, genius?
- You tell me.
- You're the tracker.
I can't track over pavement.
All right, so you're good,
but you're not that good.
Let's split up.
Everyone take a road.
♪ (WE BUILT THIS CITY BY STARSHIP
PLAYS OVER WALKMAN) ♪
Aaron: Hey.
Hey!
Excuse me.
I'm starting to think this is
the finest song ever written.
Miles is missing.
Can you find him?
Well... yes.
You can? That's great.
Then, let's go get him.
Honestly, I'm not sure
he's worth saving.
What the hell does that mean?
We appeared to him once.
- When?
- About six months ago.
We probed into his mind,
played his own thoughts back at him.
A lot like this thing.
(CHUCKLES)
He has some dark notions.
Well... why would you do that?
It was an experiment.
But I thought you only appeared to--
We've appeared
to 3,289 people so far.
We've conducted lots of experiments.
We're very curious about all of you.
(GROANING)
(GASPING)
(szzuwe)
(SCREAMING)
(TWIG CRACKS)
Charlie: Miles?
Tom: Miss Matheson.
(GUN COCKS)
Don't be too hasty now.
Toss it.
I said toss it.
The blade, too.
Now...
Tell me...
what happened to my boy?
Well? What happened to him?
Where is the little idiot?
I don't know where he is.
I know my son.
Where else would he have gone
except chasing your tail?
Miles is going to be here any minute.
Don't worry, we'll be long gone
by the time he shows up.
- Where are we going?
- Your camp.
I've been out here for days,
busting my ass looking for it.
But ain't it just my lucky day?
Of all the people
I could've stumbled into,
I stumbled into you.
I'm going to take you there why?
Tom: 'Cause that's where Jason is,
and your life depends on it.
Keep moving.
Shut up.
Just shut up.
(GROANS)
Monroe: Looks like he got pinned down
over there.
Took out six of them...
some of them double-taps,
which means...
he's probably emptied his clip.
But there were seven Rangers.
There's one left.
I thought we were splitting up
to look for Miles.
I hit a dead end.
- He went this way.
- What makes you so sure?
'Cause it's high ground,
it's good coverage.
It's the best strategic position.
And because I know him
better than you.
Yeah. That's why he's tried
to kill you so many times.
I'm going to get Charlie.
There's another Ranger out there,
Rachel.
We don't have time for this, okay?
We'll meet her back
at the rendezvous. Let's go.
Tom: Tell me something.
Is your ass made out of candy?
- What?
- I'm asking.
Is your ass made out of
some kind of candy?
No?
Then why does my half-wit son
keep following it?
Is it really that sweet?
Or is he really that stupid?
You shouldn't talk about him
like that.
He is my son, and I will talk
about him however I want.
He's not stupid,
and he deserves better than you.
He deserves better than me?
I got news for you, kid.
There is an anchor around
that boy's neck, and it is you.
He had promise
before you turned his head,
before he chose you
over his own blood.
You are the worst thing
that ever happened to him.
After I get him back,
you stay the hell away from him,
you understand me?
(BANGING)
We've been walking in circles.
There's no sign of him.
This is where he would've gone.
Miles!
We should double back and see
if we've missed anything.
I thought you said
he would come this way.
Clearly I was wrong.
Rachel: Miles!
Monroe: Miles!
- He'd go this way.
- What makes you so sure?
Because I'm sure.
Because you're such an expert
on Miles, obviously?
Have you ever thought you don't
know him as well as you think you do?
Really, Rachel?
You want to do this now?
He wouldn't be in this mess
if it weren't for you.
All right, you want to do this,
let's do this.
Please.
You are a hypocritical bitch and
you are grinding him into the dirt.
You look up "girlfriend from hell"
in the dictionary,
there is a full-page glossy of you.
With all your whining, your nagging
about doing the right thing,
the good thing.
You?
Where the hell do you get off
with this holier-than-thou crap?
Because, lady, I know you.
You're no Mother Teresa.
You're a screwdriver-wielding
psychopath.
Oh...
You know me, and...
you know Miles, you know everybody?
- Damn right.
- Yeah?
'Cause I know you pretty well too,
Bass, you insecure child.
Miles is good man.
His only problem is you.
You're like... poison.
You're like this devil on his back.
And he knows it.
And he hates you for it.
And why?
Because you can't bear to be alone.
You won't be happy
until you drag him down
into the mud next to you.
You are that pathetic.
If I'm that pathetic, Rachel,
and you are so good...
Explain to me that night
in Philadelphia.
I was your prisoner.
Nobody forced you.
(MOANING)
You stay the hell away from me.
- What the hell is this?
- They're probably on a scout.
Jason's with them, they'll be back.
My patience has reached an end.
You are going to take me to Jason,
or you're going to die.
What was that?
- What?
- On your face.
Where is Jason?
I don't know.
You're lying.
Why?
- Is he hurt?
- No, he's fine.
He is hurt.
Is he dead?
No.
That's... not...
No!
(GUNSHOTS)
Was it Monroe? Was it Miles?
Yeah, had to be Miles.
He always had it out for the boy.
This is what is going to happen.
You're bait.
I am going to use you
to draw in Monroe,
Miles, your mother, everyone.
And I am going to work
my way through them
until I figure this out.
It was me.
Please.
Out of all the people who would want
to do this to him, you wouldn't.
Yeah, I didn't think I could either.
The Patriots must've read
that number.
And they turned him
into something that he wasn't.
He was trying to kill me.
I begged him to stop.
Believe me, it was the last thing
that I wanted to do.
But he wouldn't stop.
I cared about him.
I cared about him
and that's what I did to him.
And I hate myself for it.
So if you're going to kill me,
you should just do it.
(GUN COCKS)
(GUN CLICKS)
(GASPS)
Rachel: It's his coat.
Miles!
No, that...
That's someone else's blood.
Nope. It's on the inside.
Bass...
...it's too much blood.
Okay. Rachel, look at me.
You know Miles. I've seen him take
a hell of a lot worse than this.
You kick that guy in the teeth,
he jumps straight back up,
and he kicks back twice as hard.
That son of a bitch is
too stubborn to die.
We're going to find him, okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
Connor: It's going to be nightfall
in an hour.
You really going back out?
Yeah, I have to.
Look, I'm sorry
for having to say this...
...but... whatever happened to Miles,
if he could've got out by now,
he would've.
You see this?
It's from Neville
shoving his gun in my face
after I asked him to shoot me.
And just as he was pulling
the trigger...
...no going back...
...every single part of my body
started screaming,
"I don't want to die!"
But it was too late.
He pulled the trigger...
...and his gun was empty.
I don't think I deserve it,
but somehow I'm getting
a second chance.
I get to wake up and see tomorrow
And I guess I want to.
So now I need to figure out
what kind of tomorrow I want to see.
And I'll tell you one thing.
Whatever it looks like,
I want Miles to be there.
Aaron: If you want to try pizza,
I will make you a pizza.
I can go out and find some tomatoes.
And I can mill some flour.
And I will milk a damn cow
to make cheese... whatever.
Just find Miles.
How many times
have we been over this? No.
Listen, I got news for you.
Being human isn't this.
It isn't food or music or even sex.
It's about loyalty.
It's about being there for a friend
who has been there for you,
and that's what it means.
I'm still the one who made you,
and if that means anything to you,
I am begging you,
please help us find him.
Yes, you made me,
and I suppose I'll always love you.
But you don't get to make demands.
You don't control me.
It's the other way around.
Now if you bring this up again,
I'll have to kill Priscilla.
Maybe...
the rest of your friends.
I will take that pizza, though.
(SCRATCHING)
Man: Hey, Miles.
I'm dreaming.
- Must have passed out.
- What a shocker, you're drunk.
Why don't you just... go home,
screw my wife and sleep it off?
If you'll excuse me,
it's time to wake up.
You must be...
thrilled that I'm finally gone,
out of the way.
You can bang her whenever you want.
How long was it?
You're my brother.
Do you even have the decency
to tell me, to face me?
No.
Of course decency was never
really your strong suit, was it?
- Shut up.
- What are you thinking?
You'll protect Rachel and Charlie?
They count on you.
You're going to fail them...
like you always do,
because we both know
who you really are.
Shut up.
Savage. You're an animal.
And people suffer around you
because of it.
And sooner or later,
they will die.
And it'll be your fault.
(GLASS SMASHES)
They're not even your family.
They're mine.
Do me a favor,
just leave them.
Abandon them,
like you did Monroe,
before you really hurt them.
They'll be better off.
We both know it.
No.
No, I'm not leaving.
(COUGHING)
(GRUNTING)
(English US - SDH)